---
title: 'Blog Post number 2'
date: 2013-08-14
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

Be proactive.
This is probably the most important piece of advice. Don't restrict yourself to the people in your immediate circle.

Reach out to people. The main value of conferences is in bringing people together. Before a conference, look up who is going (by checking authors of accepted papers) and email them. Try to be respectful, briefly introduce yourself, and state why you'd like to meet them (a useful mnemonic is Inigo Montoya's Guide to Networking Success). Most senior people make time for such meetings. Try to talk to many people and particularly seek out those who are not already well-known.

Outside of conferences, it is often useful to ask people who have worked in your area for research advice via email. It's amazing to see how many people in our field are genuinely helpful. Proper email etiquette is important, however and makes it more likely that a busy researcher will respond. In particular, you should make it clear that you've done your research and explored alternative solutions before contacting them.

Beyond advice, such connections may lead to other opportunities further down the line: job offers, collaborations, mentorship, and even friendship. Many of my collaborations started through such connections—meetings at a conference, a cold email, a Twitter message. The important thing is that they are based on mutual interests and respect. So be conscious of other's people time. In addition, early career researchers with shared interests will often be much more open to collaborations than senior researchers who already have many commitments.

Being proactive also relates to how you view and talk about your research: Make it easy for other people to discover your work by highlighting it on your website, talking about it online, and writing a blog.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
